Cornerstone: Yes.
Cornerstone: God.
Cornerstone: Have you heard of Michael?
Cornerstone: He was messaging me and didn't respond.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Dude, don't.
Cornerstone: That's being recorded.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So in the beginning.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Parents…
Cornerstone: Yep.
Cornerstone: Oh, one of the guys. Oh, he did? He went, like…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I get all of a sunscreen, right?
Cornerstone: And then I'll give it to Tusk.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Team, I'd like to introduce you to the rest of my finance team. I've got Guada.
Cornerstone: He is our AP? Yes.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): I got Celine and Kevin there on the GL side.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): And then joining us, we have Michael, who's actually in the Philippines. He's, the AP Dynamic Duo, the second part of our AP team. Right. And then, not sure quite where she is, is when my other AR person, and she's in our San Jose office. So,
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): That makes the mighty finance team.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Or lean, but my GP.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Very good.
Cornerstone: And then…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): The other finance… I know, our other finance partner is Kip, because he has his hands in everything that we do.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): He's everywhere. He's got the ball trades. The free safety? I'm sorry? A free safety, that's kind of a football…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): analogy? I think he used to be a controller here.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): And then he went in and specialized into IT kind of stuff, so… but he still kept a lot of his duties, and we still leverage him for a lot of stuff that he does on board.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): 15, yeah.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): He touches everything.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Good deal.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): What should we start, or should we start? I don't know.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): No, we can start, we can start. Okay.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Alright, well, welcome. Thanks for joining us,
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): our session, how… how briefed are they on what we're doing? Should I start from… I don't want to start from scratch, you don't have to start from scratch. So you know we're doing a system change? Yep.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I could not sleep.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): That's all I think. Okay.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, what we're doing this week is, some discovery sessions, and that is when we
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): kind of give you a little bit of a preview of NetSuite, and then we ask you a whole bunch of questions about how you guys are currently doing your accounting functions. We'll talk a little bit how some of that maps over to NetSuite Orion, and then we're kind of looking to see if you're doing anything that's unique
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): That we don't currently have a… have functionality for.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And… because we want to plan for it. But the goal for all of this is
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): For us to do kind of a thorough review of everything that you're doing, and, make sure that as you transition from the current system to that transition.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Go smoothly, and your lives are better.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): At the end of the day, that's what we want to do.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Why don't we just spent a lot of time talking about POs. Oh, great. She deals with that. She deals with a lot of the product coordinators, which is Shannon's team. Yeah. Coordinating, all the vendors and vendor invoices and things like that.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Excellent.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Michael, we can't see you.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): I have bed head.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): There we are!
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Very early.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Good morning!
Michael Salvador: Yeah, good afternoon.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Right. Oh, yes, good afternoon to us. To us, yes, it's excellent.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): So anyway, we just spend a lot of time talking about PO systems.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah, so POs and acknowledgements is kind of like the tail end of the process area that we were looking at that we call order management. We're shifting now into financial management, and that contains these
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): topics, and there's a lot. So, company structure and setup, which we've already kind of touched on in the first day. Counting periods and close.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): currency and exchange rates, so I'm hoping you don't have any. No, we're all in U.S. dollar.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): bus.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Tax management, which we've kind of already talked about it. Looks like we're gonna do sweet tax.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): We'll talk about journal entries and allocations if necessary.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Banking and cash management, we've touched on already, credit card management. It's interesting, because, like, finances, like, kind of just weaves through all the other process areas, so by the time we get to financial management, we've kind of talked
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): on a lot of these topics already. So we'll probably be able to just make some decisions and finalize some things. Credit card management, budgeting for planning.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): period close, customer financial management, Project Accounting.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): That'll be a good conversation. Revenue and cost recognition is a big one, because it's different inside of NetSuite. Okay. We want to talk through that, and we have a… we have a white paper that we've been working on that we're going to give to you, and we'll review it up on the screen as well. Okay.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Vendor and account payable management, expense management, which we haven't talked too much about. I do want to…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Hear from you.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): About if you want those, like, expense reports, salespeople and things like that to
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): He tries to the project GP.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Awesome, right? Travel reimbursement.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): We do… we have a… we have two different… Again, our cost structure.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): our COA, we had to, create a cost to go into cost of goods sold, specifically identified as a project cost, and then we have general G&A-type stuff, so… Gotcha.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Asset management, which we touched on, fixed asset management is what we're really talking about there, financial security. Your area.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Financial Reporting and Analytics, which… We have an official…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): session on business intelligence as well, but I know reporting kind of falls in every process area as well. And the last one's business intelligence reporting. Any topics not covered there? This is not an exhaustive list, just so you know, this is kind of high level. There's a lot to talk about, especially commissions.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Missions is not on there. But as we're going through, like.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Like, this is a starting point for us.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): If there's other topics that come up, we wanna… or you think of things we want to definitely talk about, Paul.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): One thing we haven't talked about that we mentioned right before we were wrapping up the other one is that we have an internal
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Mock-up margin, 15% that we add to everything.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Right? Yeah, it's kind of like, word.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): cushion, it's a contingency line. Basically, what…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): does currently. There's ruling.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): That if you enter a labor line that looks.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): and has them.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Product code of labor.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Core then will automatically add lines, 15% of whatever that is. So if I have a $100 labor line, it'll throw in a second line for $15. The reason behind that is
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): It's encouraging people to put bigger margins on labor, because labor is inherently Unpredictable.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Product, very predictable, you spend in the PO, you get back in development, it's not gonna change. Labor, you're guessing. Until you get in the field and start doing things.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): So we did that, so it's… there's never really any… it's just the bookkeeping thing. It's just there, and it never, you know, we don't ever cost to prove anything against those lines.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): external impact.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): There's no GL impact.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, it's just inflating the cost? Correct. Inflating the cost, reducing the margin. Yes.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, in effect, it's kind of a…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): It's kind of a load factor, like we talked about earlier. Yes. Yes. And that's just meant to… that's just meant to cover risk?
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Yeah, and I… that may be up for debate as to whether or not we would want to keep that. I mean, we had… that's a Matt and Mark decision.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Matt was throwing it out, that we haven't talked about it when he was walking yet, so…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): be completely in favor of getting rid of it, but I don't… that's not my…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): We'll… we'll ask them if they… And commission has paid that.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): After that. Yeah.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Correct. That's… and that's one of the things with that. It doesn't hint the financials, but it does impact the GP of an order, which affects commission. How… how does other.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): The dealers deal with this situation?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah, they do this. They do this, and we're not alone. They don't typically do 15%, but they'll do, like, oh, here's 3% load factor, and this covers our design
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): It's designed in PM time. Yeah.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yep, so different dealers handle that different ways, so we'll just add a line on there, cost-only line. Same thing, it's calculated based on…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): A percentage of the cost of revenue.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Oh, and sorry, that 15%, is that off the seller or off the cost? Cost. Oh, yeah, that's why it's higher. So they're typically doing, like, 3% off the revenue.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, however you want to calculate that, but it's typical. So, in order to see the true margin of the projects, then we have to run year-to-date data then, right? So, it flats out. So, what we do is, that's why we have two… that's why we have a different set of KPIs. So, we have a set of KPIs for
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): project gross profit, and then we have commissionable gross profit, and then commissionable gross profit includes things like the head factor.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And then you can determine what people in the organization get to see as far as the KPIs of the project record. Right.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): I just wanted to make sure we brought it up so you guys knew. Yep.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, company structure and setup, we've kind of already talked about this,
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): One subsidiary, we have the other things, the locations, everything, we're good there. Counting periods… do you do 12 counting periods, or do you do 13? I would.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): like 13. 13.4 only does 12. Okay. So it was, like, 13. Yep.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): We won't… we shall do 13.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Calendar year?
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Yes.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I love it.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Mostly, yes.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): No currency exchange rates, no suite tax.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yes. Now.
Cornerstone: Yes, sweet tax, for sales tax, correct.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): What about, what about use tax?
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): So that's our, our current, TaxConnect third party. She takes care of all of that.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): They're only…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): We don't have two… two states, I mean, because every state has different, Illinois and Missouri, I think, are the two when we have to file
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Because of the way they define nexus differently, I guess, I don't know. But it's use tax in those states, so…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): There… yeah, they're the exceptions there, or else it's sales tax. And CORE won't do use tax, so we have to kind of trick it. Okay.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): There's one more I want to bring up, it's the gross receipts tax.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Which is, I'm sure we have to generate reports.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Based on ship 2 location.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Right? Then we have to do, like, a data dump from core.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): I don't think I… I'm sure I've seen this report, but I don't remember.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): You can pull that?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I've been.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): But it's… Is it a custom report that we pulled? I can't remember. I run it so infrequently, I'm sure it's on my calendar, but… yeah, I'm…
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): We need the sales… sales revenue number based on ship to location. Is that something we would set up?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): That's… isn't ship to location is the standard way of calculating it, right? Yes, exactly. So then, yeah, that's… that'll be your sweet text report, your native suitext report. Okay, perfect.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): There's no special… Okay.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Maybe if you don't mind logging into, Luxwan, finding the…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Journal entries. Give me one second, sir.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): For tax management, are you… is that topic only sales tax?
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Or… I'm thinking more about asset management, like tax depreciation versus book depreciation. Is that done within NetSuite, or…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Big SASA module, doesn't work. Yep, that's a big SASA module.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And we haven't determined yet even what NetSuite edition you guys are going to have. We already know, like, because there's probably 20 different editions, we already know which one fits you best, because that module would be… would be the additional cost, but I think it's, like, $4,000 or something like that.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): And that's why I just want to know if NetSuite can meet our needs, and do we need that fixed asset stuff?
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): paying for a third party to do that. Bloomberg.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Yeah, no, no, I know, but I don't know NetSuite's capability. We might not need it. That's what I… I don't know.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah, I think the fixed asset module's gonna handle what you need.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Journal entries. Let's just talk about that, and talk about allocations in a moment, but journal entries, so you can create journal entries in NetSuite. One of the nice things about journal entries is… well, two things. You can import them, so, like, for your payroll.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Typically, you're going to import that in as a journal entry, and before you import it in, if you need to identify departments.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And kind of do allocations and things like that, you can do that.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): But then you can also create reversal journal, automatically reversal journal entries.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I'm not sure if you can do that in Core enough. Okay, good.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): that practice, though? Oh, you have? Okay.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Excellent.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Because we couldn't keep track of them. Oh, okay.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): So, currently, we're getting the data done from Paylocity, and we just upload that data to Core.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Okay, so we have one… we have one scenario where we plan on you using the
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Bring a journal entry and automatically reverse it, but we'll talk through it.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Bagging and cash management, we've kind of already talked about this. Now, I don't know if you remember this from the…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): demos, but we have the Cache360 dashboard.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, for cash flow forecasting, so you have some functionality in there that we'll plan on implementing for you. It's actually part of the configured system.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): The other data point there that we like to just mention again is the pro forma invoice will be another data point. It doesn't flow into the dashboard, so you'll have to kind of just use that as another data point. And then banking…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Two things to think here is the bank feeds, which…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I think their bank is part of that, that's great, so we'll plan on that. The free suite app, but we'll plan on setting that up. And then the advanced electronic bill payments, that's part of the addition that we get.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): That allows you to pay things via ACH, vendor prepayments, which is newer, which is pretty cool. Can you talk a little bit more about what that looks like and feels like?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah, yeah, right from the transaction, like, the normal process flow inside Netsu, the transaction, and then just a couple, checkboxes that you click to,
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): for it to be paid. Then it gets picked up, picked up and paid.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): not to go to the vet.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): system is we run a checkmark, we do a checkpoint. It then… there's a report that we dump out of core. It's a HTML file, I think.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): I then take that file, go log into the bank, upload it as a file. A notcha file? It populates, yeah, it's a notcha file. Populates everything, you know, verify the amounts match, and then it'll…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): push payments to all those vendors. You're saying that step is skipped. Those payments get pushed to vendors straight from
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Okay. Yeah, from…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Well, yeah, through the bank payment. Yeah. The bank payment, so yeah, yeah. Now…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): We have run into issues sometimes with some banks, and the fallback is the NASH file.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): or something similar to the national filing, depends on what template your bank uses. But at minimum, you'll be able to do the upload of all the payments through the bank. But it sounds like you should be able to do the electronic payments right from Zendesk.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): And it's… it is not a big-time stuff right now, the way we're doing it, so if we had to stick with the way we're doing it, not a big deal, but, you know, one less step, great, but it is an entrepreneur.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): to forget.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Yeah. So, but Mondays, we have a process that Wada or Michael kind of walk in and
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): And propose our payment.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): run, if you will. They always try to kill me with the amounts, because I wasn't… just erode all our cash. Yeah. But say they walked in with $3 million worth of payments, but in core, they've had to set those all to pay.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): to review them, and then I get to pick and choose them, and then they gotta go back and unclick them to pay them. So, do we need to do something stuff similar like that in NetSuite? Yeah, something similar.
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): Can we not take a break?
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): to the Rounded Art one.
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): And you said ACH.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Is it AC… we do 90% ACH, a handful of wires, and then wires, we try to restrict only to international transactions because they're expensive. AC is cheap.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): And then a little bit of credit card activity, too. The module you're talking about is ACH only?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): PCH only? Does it have wire? I don't know if it has wire. Depends on your bank account.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): I don't think that, I mean, I was just curious.
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): If you'd like to…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): like, building It's okay to death, sir.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Yeah, there's a PDF. Because even it's not a NACHA file with, wires, we have to go in and manually input those. You have to set them up in the bank portal, and then go and key in the…
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): on.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): The deal with the ACH, if I remember correctly, you have to register with… I think it's Coastal?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So there's a service that you have to go through, but we'll… he's gonna pull up the vehicle, we'll get permission.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): And so then that… that payment cycle or payment report gets checked for everything we want to pay. Do remittances go straight off of that, or do you have to execute or hit buttons? Like, how does that work?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I don't remember off the top of my head, but let's take it as an action item to get back with you on that.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Because that's one thing we… we have rate sensitivity about, because if it said we sent it and we didn't, then, you know, that's a problem.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah, that's a good question, we'll get back to that in a bit.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): And then,
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): So again, that's the only way then to see what our proposed payment cycle is, is to go through that function and review at that point, okay?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): That's got to be supervisor approval, so we'll just go get 30 to do it.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Explaina.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, like, you don't want anybody to be able to initiate an ACH payment with our…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Correct, no, no, but, like, WADA or Michael, I want them to compile their proposed
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): payment run, you know, and then they give it to me to look at it, and then I would need to go in and approve it, or is there… Yeah, let's go ahead and approve it.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yep, we'll map that out, specifically. Is it…
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): Like, through each journal?
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): A payment journal, or how…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): this, how does it get cheated up? So, it's a bill payment, and that bill payment will pay multiple bills.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And then, so it'll be the bill payment that gets queued up.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And then the payment method on the bill payment is really what is defining that this is going to be ACH.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Okay, and so when we propose that, then we say we select all the ones that we needed to pay, she goes in there, she approves it.
Speaker 7 (Cornerstone): Can she remove it, or she just tells us what you want, and then we remove it?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah, again, I don't remember that part, I'm sorry. It's been so long since I've done this. Okay. But we'll come back to you on that. Okay.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Everything's done within next week. Yeah. We don't have to go to the bank for ACH payments.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): thus, for some reason, there's some issue with your bank, and the fallback option would be an international file that you upload, and then we have the argument that suite.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): similar to what you're doing right now. Yeah.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): deposits, I think we still have to go into the bank, because we have positive pay.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Raptors still review the transactions on the bank portal?
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): I know the bank and NetSuite is connected, so I have to validate the transaction in NetSuite, right? Yeah. But we still have to go into the bank portal to do positive pay.
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): Yeah, me too, but…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): We don'.
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): I know that.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Okay. Because we haven't talked to the bank about being connected to NetSuite.
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): Our current process requires us to do that, but we don't know if the new process will require us to do.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): We'll definitely take it… one action item for us is to dig a little bit deeper in this to get you some more information. Okay.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And then the consultant that'll be on the implementation will make sure that they've… we have consultants that have set this up multiple times. It's been years since I've done this. I don't remember.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So that was journal entries. Oh, we talked about allocations, you just manually doing allocations, you said, right?
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): We don't create.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): any POA.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): P&Ls that show allocation.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): They're just on.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): paper. Okay. That's why we don't…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): too.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): want to? I don't think.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So I don't.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Okay.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): To see that.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Right.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): Yeah, we don't have it.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): I mean, I don't know that he'.
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): He knows that he wants to, or doesn't.
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): Because these numbers were never offered heavy. Okay.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): We talk about the bank feeds, and the bank feeds, your bank is part of that, so that means that the banking information will flow into NetSuite automatically for reconciliation.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): That'll be pretty nice.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): They'll do the auto-matching, and then you can create rules to help with that auto-matching, make that easier and easier over time.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And do you guys use corporate credit cards?
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): We do, and they're currently through ARC Bank.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): And it's a very manual process, how we get it into the jail.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Okay.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah, so the way that NetSuite does this, it treats it like, almost like another bank account.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And so, either… I don't know if it has a live feed, I don't think it does, but I think you just have to upload the statement.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So I export it as a CSV, import it, and then you use the same bank
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): But the same reconciliation process you do for your bank. You can use it for your credit cards, too.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): That makes it a lot easier.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): So, but right now, like, the one thing that we actually process our credit cards is through our third-party Expensify, which is where we do expense reports, because that's where the user gets to attach the receipts and the coding, and that's where we do that up front, and…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): And then from that, we get a manual file that's dumped, and then my AP team takes it and codes it into the GL, so…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): But there's obviously a lot of work there up front with the… with the users going in and creating their expense reports to match the bank statement, and, you know, Matt has a lot of lines that he has to manage, and… I just don't do it.
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): I suppose that my others are cold.
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): So.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): So, in… in the system you just said, how…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): If it's… if it's automatically fed with the bank and stuff, is there a way to attach receipts and do all that?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): No, I think that, since you're using Expensify, he's gonna pull it up right now. There is an Expensify integration with Suite. Oh, okay. There's a suite app for it. Okay. And so, we'll… we will pull up information on that.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): And… Absolutely talk to each other. You can just sync data into…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yep, and yeah, so if you can…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I think there's probably a PDF, too, so that's a little 2DF for me to look into them, but we can also.
Cornerstone: Get a dental scheduled.
Cornerstone: with them.
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): Do you want them to see if there's also one for the… for RAMP that you're talking to?
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): Currently on one, but Lorraine is interested in moving to RAM, so… Okay. RAM doesn't have an integration with NetSuite.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): It does? Yes. Okay, so, you know, we can potentially do both.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): As far as captured receipts from a user perspective, it's really nice.
Cornerstone: Boom, get actually assigned to it.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yes. It would be nice. A bit nice. Who likes to do expense reports? That's why I made Chris buy everything.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So that was credit card management, and then just since we're on the topic, you can accept credit cards inside NetSuite?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Xpsac compliant.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): But most dealers I talk to don't want anything to do with credit cards.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): We, we currently use,
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): It's typed Stripe. That's it, Stripe. Okay. That's how we get our…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Yeah, it's just very rare we take a credit card. Yeah, we try, because we charge… they charge.
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): Yeah. What does Steve think?
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): Okay, but we do have the option for people to pay for it, whatever. So, if it's built in, and we can just use theirs, and their fee is normal, then we can get rid of Stripe.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, there's a… there's a host of, ones to choose from.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Right, you still end up paying.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And it's all based on,
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): How many transactions? So, I always plan on paying 3%.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah. Because people use rewards cards, and you get homes with those rewards cards. It's the biggest scam ever.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Get the merchant pay for it.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): The only benefit… well, are you using Stripe so you can put the payment link in the invoice?
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Yes. When we do remove the hyperlink, is it still there?
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): credit card is still there, really removed…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Association of patients information. And then we also have a,
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): URL that we can send to clients, or they can go to the… Okay.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So that's why when most dealers are using it for that, really. It's just to have the paper link on the invoice, so it helps to get payment easily, but
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah, there's… if you're using Stripe, you're fine, and if you… it's, like, incidental, then…
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): We're gonna pay for it, or just the processing fee?
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): Supervisor Amy.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): processing.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): There's no…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): No, it's a transaction purchase. Oh, that's fine, I can just stay there.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Okay, we pay an annual fee for that gal to host that?
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): Signed or whatever, it's like $100.
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): What site are we hosting? It's like…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): she built it for us, and she's hosting it. It's not on our website.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Oh, I know, love it.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): What's that?
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): It's been away for a long time, yeah, we can move it. Okay.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): All right, period closes.
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): There was a spinner down, I'd say.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): We have no access to it. I'm sorry.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Period close. How long does it typically take for you to close your account grants? 10 days. 10 days.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Like, and then, is in CORE, is there a step-by-step process, or do you have your own?
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): We do everything on… in Excel. Okay. And that's what I was asking you, I think, a day or so ago. In prior lives, I've used, online systems called Blackline or Flowcast, that kind of does that, not in…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): ERP, but it ends up connecting in the ERP, because it'll attach things, so that's why I wasn't sure what you guys offer, what's out there.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): NetSuite has their own closing period checklist that walks you through, and there's a number of things you kind of step through to do it. It's pretty quick. There's actually kind of a… there's, like, a quick feature or a step-by-step feature that you can go through.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So I would recommend using that.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Inside the system.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): But how does it work in there? So right now, we, you know, we have APAR module, we're able to close and open an APAR module, and also a GR module.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): So for next week, we just…
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Open everything at once, close everything at once, or…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): you can open… so, like, what I would typically do is I open the whole year at once.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And then set a reminder in my calendar in December to open the next year. I can't tell you how many times we stumbled into January and we couldn't do transactions, because we've got to open up the next accounting period year. But I don't typically like to go more than a year, because then people can make the mistake of choosing a transaction in the future and throws things off.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And then when you're closing, you can close ARAP and go through the checklist.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Got it. So that's… Yeah.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And then one thing I do recommend is, you can close the accounting period, but leave non-GL changes available.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, like, because what happens is you close the counting period, and somebody wants to go make a note.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): It's only been 10 days, or 11 days, and when I go make a note on a transaction, and they can't, it's locked. So, you can set this by default, and that's what I typically do, is to allow non-GL changes by default.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): But that's a decision. I don't know if… how you guys do it now, like, if it's locked-locked and nobody can edit it, or… and… because I always just have people coming in and asking me, can you please unlock that so I can add this
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): node or whatever to the track? I think Core doesn't need it.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): I think the only changes you can't make after period is locked are due after you haul them back.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): Yeah, cause…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): No one's ever talked to me about closing a period and not being able to get a customer.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So it sounds like that's something we could probably plan on now, is to allow the field changes.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So for the sake of the transcript, we got that.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): -Oh, If you go to reopen the period, for whatever reason, the cost engine will run simply.
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): careful with that transaction. I'm sorry, one more time. The cost engine, there's a cost engine in NetSuite that runs depending on what type of cost engine you're using. So, just be careful if you reopen a period
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): That cost engine could pick it up and back for financials for that period.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Let me explore that a little bit more. Within a fiscal year, it would… it would still do that, or crossing a period? I mean, crossing a fiscal year.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): lot numbered, right? They're a lot, Steven? Okay, then you're.
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): Probably okay. I've seen it more with average cost now. Oh, yeah, and it just drives everybody. Okay, no, no.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): We'll talk about pricing in just a minute, actually.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): No, and that's… I mean, honestly, when we close the fiscal year and then we're done with our internal close.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): We actually only go back and open it to post-audit.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Adjustments, nothing else, you know, so…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yep, and you close… and just so you know, I think we're on the same page, but you… you close each month. Yes. Each counting period. Okay, yeah, gotcha.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Any other financial controls?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): That we need to consider, that you either have or you don't have and want.
Cornerstone: I know that's a pretty…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Broad question, so feel free to take a moment to think about that, but…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I just don't want to skip over that and go too fast and…
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): True, are you talking about access? Like, who can access?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Or checks and balances? Yeah, I know.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): I know that something has come up.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Pretty frequently is, Having to set up recurring,
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): AP, like, rent. I'd love to set up rent, so it's just in there, and it'll post on the first every month. Nope, can't do that. I can enter all the transactions manually, but .
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): That would be nice, and… Well, before you move on, let me just comment on this, because I'll forget. Yeah. So we have that, it's called Memorized Transactions. Nice. So if you want that, we can plan for that. Just let us know how many of those transactions you would anticipate. Is that something you'd be interested in, Loren.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): And I've also found that, like, they have occasions where it would be really nice to upload AP via a CSV file. It sounds like you can do that, because you said.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): is done that way, so I assume.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Journal entry, but you can also create vendor bills from the CSV. Correct.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Here, here's a cow. Here's a cow.
Cornerstone: Voiding invoices.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Overarching, it's a big no-no that we're not supposed to be doing it, but there's a lot of reasons and rationales of why we do do it.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Or why people want to do it. So, there's a whole… but there's nothing right now in CORE that invalidates anybody from doing it, so my AR team can just invoid invoices.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): Just have the invoicing.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Invoices to the.
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): That's incoming.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, that's good, because actually NetSuite calls and invoices for the customer, bills for the vendor. Yeah, so…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): in what we bill our clients, again, for all the myriad of reasons, again, when we did it, and then it comes back, like, oh, no, that's wrong, wrong timing, this, did it, can we just invoice and stuff? So, anyway, so from our bank audit perspective, that's a big no-no. We get… Yeah, if it's outside.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): the same month.
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): Outside of the same.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Correct. Oh, yeah.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): So, but yet there's no control to stop it from happening. We have people call me, or email me, and this and that, because they know, but there's no control in it right now, I mean, or…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Gotcha. Yeah, so you can void, you can also delete, if you have the permission to.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And I'm sure that there's a permission for voiding invoices. A normal practice is.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): void and rebirth. But once you void, you have to do a rebirth right away, so it replaced the old invoice. Yeah.
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): Yeah, you would limit it by… you would control it by role space. Yeah, you can stop them.
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): But let me just, out of curiosity, like.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Like, if you were the only one that had the ability to delete, It just went away.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Well, no, but that's the thing, like, Matt…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Matt, again, we're dual admins kind of stuff and stuff, yeah, so… Is that better?
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): Delete… is there a record that it was deleted?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah, you can turn that on, and it'll keep track of the fact that you deleted it.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): A lot of trim. Oh, I don't like that.
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): Yeah. No.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): Yeah, and I love that.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): I don't trust you.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Obviously.
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): And if somebody gets in with your… like, we've been…
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): Like, full half. Oh, really? Like, lost a million dollars at it. Oh, wow. Ransomware, or…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): No.
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): they hacked one of their emails and started manipulating our invoices. Oh, wow. So, like, if somebody got your credentials, and you had delete, and there's no audit trail, I don't love that. Okay. Yeah.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Since I created our program, our security program, do you guys use, like, a password manager?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): We do everything through opt-in. Oh, okay, so single sign-on, I'm sorry, so it should, it should be, okay, gotcha.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Okay, yeah, so… so, permission to void, locked down to you guys.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Generally, you know, only admins, like, a few of the.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): admin could delete, and then you could, you know… Is Frank having only true admins, or it could be a meeting?
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): Well, whoever has admin, you know, rights in their role, but.
Speaker 10 (Cornerstone): And there's something called a delete reason, and then you can activate that, so that if you do delete a record, then it makes you put in, and you can put your initials and the date, and this is why it was deleted.
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): It's been a nice feature in the last few years. Yeah, I'm really vital.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): Just literally just go away.
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): Yeah, and .
Speaker 10 (Cornerstone): dairy.
Speaker 10 (Cornerstone): Yeah. Police care.
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): I feel that for you.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Is there a difference between void and delete? Oh, yeah. Okay, okay, so, because void still keeps it out there, which is, I think, what we want to see, the visibility. Yes, delete it.
Speaker 10 (Cornerstone): Completely ghosted.
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): Oh, gosh, can we disable deleting?
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): I don't know that we never… Delete it. I've been avoiding… I like it on a trail. I don't like deleting, because then it's just… it scares me, yeah.
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): about the leading is sometimes it gets messy.
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): You make a mistake, Yeah, it's more acceptable.
Speaker 10 (Cornerstone): I can go, oh god.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): I'm…
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): I say, like, notice that you have 9 voided invoices
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): Like, so it just depends on how clean of it.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah, there's usually only one or two people that can… Yes, exactly.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Our customer financial management. We talked about statements already in a previous session, providing customer statements,
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): You know, what we didn't talk about was parent-child relationships with customers.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So…
Cornerstone: That's a big topic.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Maybe we should come back to it, but let me just introduce it.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, this comes into play a lot with the alternative bill, too, for third-party billing.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And who is the customer? Who's the end user? Who are you actually transacting with?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): We… we tend to track all that by using the alternative bill tube.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): that's how we tend to do it. So, what we'll say is.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Google is your customer on the transaction, and then the alternative bill to will be your GC, and then at the last minute, when you generate the invoice, it flips.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): the GC becomes the customer on the invoice.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Google's still the customer on the sales order, right, so your AR agent shows the GC
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And then, yeah, then your sales reports show Google.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So that's how we typically like to do it. Is that… Yes.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): That's better than the way we do it now, because I think all of our reporting now shows Google, so then you think, oh, I need to call Google about this, and then you dig into it, it's like, no, I don't, I need to call the GC, that one's being billed.
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): Okay. Well, it depends on how it's set up on the front end. If they use the third-party billing, then it will show up as the third-party bill. That's it? On our ARI board?
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): I thought it showed the customer. I know what.
Uyen Dang: It's so whoever the bill to is. You could have Google as the customer, and if you change third-party to a GC.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): The GG is on our aging, and it's where the invoice will go to. It's where the bill goes.
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): set up wrong. People don't understand what third-party billing is.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Leasing, too, is a situation right now. Leasing agency gets a billing, rather than the end user. Yep.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): That's good. Other scenario is a parent-child relationships. So, NetSuite allows you to do something where
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I see this a lot with dealers, like, with,
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): universities. So, Ohio State University.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): They will sometimes buy from the dealer.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And then, at other times, a particular department at Ohio State will buy from the dealer. We have Stanford. Okay, Stanford.
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): Stanford University, and then you have every school at Stanford University as its home.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): entity. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, so we do that all the time. Okay, so you can have this relationship where Stanford is the parent, and the other ones are the children, and then typically you're probably going to be invoicing the children, right? Yes. But there are times when we run into where at the last minute, it's like, oh, no, actually, Stanford's going to be paying that bill.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So NetSuite allows you to do something called consolidated payments, so the parent could pay the bill for the children if you want them, as long as you set that relationship up.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Doesn't have to be that way, though. It's optional.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Good to have. Good to have it. I have not seen that at all in my two years here.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): I'm using…
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): or negative.
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): for Intuit, when Intuit acquired MailChimp, while we're in the middle of the MailChimp project, it did change from MailChimp to Intuit was paying the bill. Okay. So…
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): It doesn't.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): things very common, really. Happens a lot.
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): And brick.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): cases, we run AR report like that, but when we submit, like, line of credit report, they require us to lump these, you know, childs together into, like, a parent line. Okay. And then report them as one entity.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Thank you. Yes.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): heck. Absolutely.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): We'll plan on parent-child relationships for these types of scenarios.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): the deal. All right, let's…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): change order, therefore, and do revenue and cost recognition first, and then project accounting. Chris has the document. Oh, I was kind of like… I had my… I had my chat turned off. I keep getting top partners.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): You're like, so?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): You're not gonna help me out at all, are you?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Give me one second, everybody.
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): Thank you.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Very simple.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): I don't know asleep.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Oh, okay.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Tactical difficulties via PolarCo.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Thank you.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): We all started.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): Talks amongst yourselves.
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): review a topic, trying to think of all the good ones.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Something very political. No, I'm joking. Religious. Yeah.
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): Just as uncomfortable. The one I always remember from coffee touches… I'll give you a topic. A Judas preachs. He's either a Jew nor a priest.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): The Mormon Tabernacle Choir.
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): They're comfortable.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Going.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I'm here somewhere.
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): Nope, nope, nope.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Okay, I have you here somewhere, hold on a second.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Just here.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And I never had so much trouble with.
Speaker 7 (Cornerstone): She reached everything, so…
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): I don't know, I don't remember. Nope.
Speaker 7 (Cornerstone): I finished all the dessert from yesterday.
Speaker 7 (Cornerstone): This top is open.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): But then they host teams. Oh, I bet you it was open and seeing this.
Cornerstone: Good deal.
Cornerstone: Into one of the music here?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I'm gonna just share the screen.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Or you sleep?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I'm gonna need you to download the topic of the conversation.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Otherwise, I'm going to get bombarded with messages.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): In the book.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Can't afford a course. Okay, that is not.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I want to thank you all for your patience.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): There we go. Alright.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Revenue and cost recognition. So we have a white paper that we're going to leave with you, so you can read over this multiple times, because this is different. The way that that recognizes revenue and cost is different than… Of course.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Now, the good news is… Well, at least for us. This is how every other enterprise ERP does it.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, NetSuite's not unique, it's actually a core that's a little bit unique, and team design. Yeah. So, we'll just… we'll kind of walk through this white paper, we'll talk… we won't read it word for word, we'll talk about the overall… the topic. So, NetSuite is absolutely following Gap when it comes to, revenue and cost.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): the revenue recognition philosophy is we do want to do matching, so we want to match revenue in the same period that cost is being recognized. Now, inside of NetSuite, different than Core, it's really cost that's driving this.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): process? Cost. It's driving the, is really the first driver, and then…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): revenue comes after cost. So, what happens is.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): This is where I wish I had a whiteboard for this, but…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): the product comes into the warehouse on an item receipt. That's what it impacts with. So it hits with the item receipt. Right now, for core, I think they hit the vendor bill, right?
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): when we approve a vendor invoice, AP. So we got an AP invoice, we entered into the system. Yeah, because we matched the lines. Yeah, it's worth it.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, this is going to be a little bit earlier, because it's when you receive it, which is important, another reason why it's important to receive it, if it's going to a third-party warehouse, is that that will hit your… hit your WIP asset account.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Then, when it is fulfilled, is when the cost is recognized.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, fulfilled… the fulfillment is a process in NetSuite, and it's basically tracking when it leaves your warehouse.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Whether you have…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): the warehouse on your physical location, or you're tracking the third-party warehouse. When it leaves, that's when the cost is going to be recognized.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Now, revenue is recognized totally independent of that. Revenue is recognized when you create a… you generate a customer invoice.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And all those things are really separate. They're separate… they're not tied together.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, but I think, if I remember correctly, core is when you generate a customer invoice.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): That's when cost is recognized, correct? Correct.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Revenue and expense to recognize at that moment. Yeah.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): revenue is really the driver there. Boston's been recognized. So this is different. It's… they're divorced from each other, and this is how it's typically done in ERPs.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): So, I'm…
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): the saying I'm going to end up front-loading cost.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): And timing different to the revenue, if I'm not building at the same time that it's shipping.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): So we have.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): we have…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Plans for all of that. Okay. Yeah, yeah. So, a couple things also to think about here is the cost
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): kind of fulfillment is created, cost is recognized, so WIP is relieved, COGS is recognized, and then, likely, somewhere in that period, your customer invoice is generated.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And if that happens in the same accounting period, you're good. You're matching, right? Right. If it doesn't happen.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): What we have is a report that says, hey, here are all the lines.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): That were on a kind of fulfillment, which means cost was recognized, but they were not on a customer invoice.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, we aggregate that amount, and then you create a journal entry that… and accrue the revenue, and it automatically reverses
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): On the first day of the next period.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Don't have to do journal entry. You have to do a journal entry. And we have that report for both ways. So, if for some reason there was revenue that was recognized in that cost.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): That will, you can… you can accrue the cost as well.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): You only have to do one journal entry for all of it.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So it's a pretty simple process. You could even automate it, and then put it in an unapproved state for you to approve it.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And then both, and then posted.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): He said the cost is recognized when it's… Builder received.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): film.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): to find…
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): Bill.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Leaves in the warehouse.
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): somewhere else. We should have something to…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): There it goes.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): goes to Brax.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, yeah, if it's a dropship scenario, there's a different GL impact, and we'll come back to that, but I just want to make sure there were
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): We're still talking about this scenario where you're ordering it, it's pre-sold inventory, you have it on a sales order, you're procuring it, it's going to your third-party warehouse with the intention of going to your client. That will be… that's that GL impact for that method.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): for the dropships here, or what… sorry, I think you guys called it different… you call it a different dropship?
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): than Trump.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah, so if it's going directly to the end user, bypassing all that.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Boss is recognized, with the vendor belt.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Bypasses all of that.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): In that case, it's the same as call. You get the better invoice. We'll recognize the call.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Oh, so Core is hitting WIP at Vanderbilt, right? Yes.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): When does it… when does Core recognize cost? Oh, when it comes on your invoice. Yeah, yeah, so…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): It's only when… so, no, it's not the same as core. Okay. Yep.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): What if… I don't know how much Shanna was in here. I don't know how…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Kimmy, you might know. Like, is everything… do we have a policy about everything has to be marked, received? Does she run reports?
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Because if receiving… is what's driving things posting to the GL, the cost side.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): we have to receive everything, or it won't ever hit the GL, is that right?
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): RC?
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): The receiving, is that posting it to WIT? Yes. The receipt transaction. Yeah. Posted to WIT.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): What if we have an order and no one bothers to mark it received? You'll never input.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Bob.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): It's in limbo. Yeah, then once you go… well, and then you won't be able to bill it. So once you get to the… you get the vendor invoice, or the vendor bill from the vendor, and you go, oh, I need to bill this PO, oh, I never received it, you hit receive, now I hit bill.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): But it's… it skipped WIP and never posted to your web. How will we…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): We know when it's leaving the warehouse.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): We've gone full circle! I do imagine that there are instances where things are skipped getting received, but, you know, we can't.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): up to it. Yeah.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): We know, we're.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Okay, I'm assuming.
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): getting received.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): My question is very bundled in, but… Yeah. How do we know when it's leaving the warehouse?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): You have communication with your… with yourself.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): stage, it hits cost of the zone. Right there. Right there, right?
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Fulfilled is when the cost is recognized when it leaves the warehouse. Yeah, like, what action do we do?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): There's a transaction there called item fulfillment. Oh, okay. Yeah, sorry, there's a transaction.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Do product coordinators are going to do that?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I'm gonna leave that to you, Lorenzo, I'm sorry.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Again, this is totally different. Yeah, it's totally different, yeah. And I need to know who's impacting my financials. I need to go find out.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Yeah.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): It is…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So it's a pretty quick step. Like, you go to the sales order, you hit the fulfill button, pulls up the added fulfillment, you hit… you change the status to…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): installed.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Or delivered and installed, and then you hit save.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): Is that some workaround of the workboard?
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Like, why would you not?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, the work… so, this is in addition to the work word. In addition. Yeah.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): A few more people.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): When we do the item fulfillment.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): at the same time, we want to recognize revenue, because cost and revenue recognized in the same period, right? Yes, but the…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): invoices, not… doing that, so there's two steps.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): So I'm saying that, like, when we do the invoice, I mean, item fulfillment, we have to remind ourselves to build it out.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): At the same time, too. Whatever is your typical.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): trigger for billing the customer, it can… that can stay the same, whatever that is. Because your journal entry is going to catch through.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): There's a journal entry to capture that part to match what the content.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): We were to maintain our current billing process.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): The customer's getting billed Prior to things getting fulfilled.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Because we're billing
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): when we're done. So, things are in transit at that point, in theory, and then… how would that…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): how's that gonna work? Like, because then, when we build a plan, you have to recognize revenue at that point, so how are then… how are you… is it just everything's hitting WIP?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): No, no, so just remember, in this enterprise system and most enterprise systems, revenue and cost recognition are separate.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Separate things.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, if you are going to initiate customer invoice before it's fulfilled, it's totally fine. So, you will have recognized revenue. And then, if for some reason you didn't do the item fulfillment before the end of that period, there'll be the report that will accrue the cost for the revenue.
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): That was right. If I remember correctly.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Did, like, defer revenue? Is that the account? Yeah, but that doesn't exist.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Because that's the one thing I'm looking at, is literally our auditor's FASB ASC606. Revenue from contracts with customers. So that's what I'm trying to make sure that what you're telling me is in line with that, and it's…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): I haven't connected all the dots yet. That's okay, yeah.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): It's gonna take a minute.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah. But this is absolutely complying with 600.
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): This does meet the standard. Okay, good.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I was always looking at how Quora and Team Design was doing, I was like, how is that, actually?
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): With this one, we recognize Cox first, but then, you know, to make sure the revenue match with cost of food, so we book a journal entry.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): make sure that happens at the same. Yeah, because you guys do a little bit.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): different than other dealers. Most dealers don't send a customer invoice until they get… until they recognize the cost, which is fine. Like, they fulfill first, then they invoice. You guys do it early. It's fine. That's why we have this… that's why we have the cost recognition on the… on the… it accrue for revenue or accrue for cost.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Well, you've worked outside of furniture before, right? Yeah, so is this a familiar… does this feel familiar to you? Because this is pretty typical for companies I've worked with outside of furniture.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): In manufacturing, it's the same thing. I didn't recognize cost until I actually sold it. I mean, because it would sit in inventory, and then it would hit cost… it would hit my P&O when I sold it, so I'd have a sale and a cost going.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): over.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): So it would relieve my inventory and go to the full income state. So…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): About 100%. I mean, it would be a part of my BOM, I think, kind of the build-up of the vendor pieces and stuff.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): But again, it would accumulate in inventory or WIP.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, there's one other piece to this. Okay. So…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Most dealers I talk to, they say something like.
Cornerstone: you have to manage WIP, or you'll go out of business.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And the way I interpret that is.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I have received inventory, but I have not been… I have not invoiced the customer yet. So I've paid for something, and I haven't gotten paid for it yet, so I am keeping an eye on that.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): In our system, WIP is actually not something that you really need to keep a close eye on. What you do need to keep a close eye on is inventory received, not yet invoiced, because that's the concern.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And then there's another account called accrued Purchases.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So when you do receive the product, it's gonna post to WIP, and it's gonna… the countertop's gonna be at food purchases. And this is where you can get the variances, and those variances hit food purchases. So let's just say…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I ordered… I had a PO for $100.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And then I received the product, and the value of that product that hit WIT was $100, but then I got my vendor bill, and the vendor bill was for $150.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So my variance here is in the… 50 bucks. The 50 bucks in the pre-purchase this price.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So what we've done is we have a dashboard that shows all those variances, and allows you to post
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): those variances to COGS.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And to the project.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So it's making sure that you're truing up the costs.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): For the project, and then, of course, your GL.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): And what…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Action recognizes that. Is it the paying of the invoice?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): No, it's the vendor bill being entered into the system.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Does the bill itself…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): When the bill comes in. Yeah, because that… the bill hits accrued purchases and hits AP.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): What we call costs improved.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): etch the AP invoice to the PL, right? Yeah, our voucher.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I think, might be another time to have a treatment.
Speaker 7 (Cornerstone): Thank you.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So I know this is, like, a big… It's a big one.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): You know, there's 2 or 3 of these, this is a bigger one, but… It's…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I think you're actually gonna have a bit more visibility.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Than before. So, inventory received an invoice, you have a report on that.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): You really don't have to… WIP is… itself is less of a concern. Recruit purchases, now you have to keep an eye on, but we have a dashboard that finds all of those variances and allows you to post, a journal entry, one journal entry for all of them at one time. Is that all the personal?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): No, no, it doesn't have a reverse, because it's recognizing cost is really what's happening.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And that's for the whole system, it's not per project. So, it's like, it finds any of those variances on all of the orders.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And we recommend you doing that on the last day of the month, because it's really looking at anything
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): that was recognized as a cost in that period. So you want to recognize your variances as a cost in the same period of time.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Can I run a general entry with you, just…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Again, how my brain works. So, in the scenario you said, the invoice came in for $150,
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): AP gets credited for $150, because I've set up an invoice. Yeah.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): VIN gets 100, and accrued Purchases gets 50. Debit.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Now, let's, let's go back to the receipt. Okay. So, the receipt, let's just say that, well, the purchase order was $100,
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): That's non-posting.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): The receipt comes in, and it inherits the dollar amount from the PO for $100 that is posting, so the receipt hits WIP,
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And it hits the accrued purchases account.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): For $100.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Then the vendor bill comes in at $150.
Cornerstone: And that hits accrued purchases, which then leaves a…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Imbalance of $50. And I'm sorry I'm not telling you which is credit, which is, debit, because I'm just not that smart. Well, we receive…
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): And what he received his headache debit. Yeah.
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): So, receiving has.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): GL impact. Yes, yes.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): So it becomes…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): That's, that's what hits my cough.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Yeah.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Yeah, I wish Channel was here, because I know we're supposed to receive, but I don't know if it's happening. I tracked up a lot.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Yeah. So, okay, so I got AP150, I got accrued Purchases Web, I got that. So now, the accrued Purchases has a remaining balance of 50 in it. Exactly.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): So I need to write that off to cost.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): That's her monthly.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): That's my monthly journal, that's what I was gonna say.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): We have a dashboard, like I said, that finds all of that, and then you hit the magic button, and boom, your email.
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): set those will…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Bill posts and new wires.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): It will post the GL accounts and tag the projects.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): variances impact commission.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): And…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): when I book the invoice, the invoice is literally just revenue and AR. Yep.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Has nothing to do with anything on the hot section here.
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): Why did… why did the $100 loan with PO
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): end up being a $150 on the vendor bill. What was… what was the cause of that $50?
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): additional free.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Terrorists.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): It's a… it's a bill, it's a discrepancy. They raised the price. Somebody missed it on the acknowledgement.
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): have three-way batch with that scenario. We do have three.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): doing that. Yeah, absolutely.
Speaker 10 (Cornerstone): And if you want to ask her about…
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): You're the top.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Where?
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): Good. Okay.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Thank you.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): You play… you play such a pivotal role.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): We're finding out that receiving is very important.
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): She owned that.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): In which we are recognizing the cost and things are received. So, I always say, I know that we're supposed to receive and receive, but
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Are we, and how often? We are. Yes. System, like, it's part of our process. Okay, then fine, that's all. Yeah, we do it pretty religiously every day.
Speaker 7 (Cornerstone): Anything that's sent to us?
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): As long as the warehouse is sent, it only gets sent to us, yeah.
Speaker 7 (Cornerstone): And they pretty much have to, because that's how we track whether it's in or not. So…
Speaker 11 (Cornerstone): We get receiving, and we receive it. It's part of the workshop.
Speaker 11 (Cornerstone): Oh, cool.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Big deal.
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): We love that business.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): That was, that was it. I got nervous, like… Who's gonna perform it? Is that Shauna?
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): Can you build a PC?
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): So, there's two parts to it. First part is receiving the product that hits with.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): But we have to build the items, there's a process called item fulfillment. I don't know what's it called right now in mobile.
Speaker 11 (Cornerstone): I don't think you have any cord. Yeah, I don't think so. That's me.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): It's like, it's when it leaves the warehouse, right?
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): So we confirm the ship day, or… We're not tracking that, when things.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): I believe, but we're.
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): I mean, the best… The closest.
Speaker 11 (Cornerstone): We would have the work… is the work order, and we don't… you're doing work orders, so…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): So, we would probably just run up against that when we go to pay the vendor, and it says, hey, this isn't fulfilled, and it's just going to be an extra step for AP, because they're going to have to go.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah, and there's a couple ways to do this, because you can fulfill in bulk, you can fulfill multiple orders at the same time. There's a couple ways to make this a little bit easier, but…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): just to reassure you, like, you're talking about an extra 30 seconds. You go to the sales order, you hit the fulfill button, you hit the save button, it's done.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Who does it in the other theories?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): It's different everywhere. Everybody's doing…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): he's doing different jobs, so I wouldn't even know where to begin to answer that question. It probably… it's probably more of an operations thing, honestly, because he's leaving the…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And, and somewhere.
Speaker 11 (Cornerstone): warehouses. Some places, they have their own warehouses, so those guys, absolutely, they're doing fulfillment, because that's how they get it out their warehouses.
Speaker 12 (Cornerstone): unique that we do not have our own warehouse, which is something we come up against in CORE all the time when we go to CoreCon. They're assuming that we have our own warehouse, and we don't.
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): Even in third-party programs, they're not linking their.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Can you say that again?
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): Sure, that's a lot. Thank you very much. That's a lot. You know how to get me.
Speaker 12 (Cornerstone): I'll be here for a while.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Is there any…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): exposure or risk to, like, say we say that's AP's responsibility to mark things fulfilled if they're getting ready to pay a vendor and it's not done, so they have to go.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Is there any risk of them marking things that are fulfilled, and then we go back to find out, oh, that wasn't fulfilled? Yeah. That didn't need the warehouse.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Are we putting our AP people in a bad position? Because they don't possess the knowledge, they have to be the PCs.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): comfortable with the AP team doing that, because they don't have… No, they don't have.
Speaker 11 (Cornerstone): I think it's…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): You've got the disconnect.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): I normally don't.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Everything's gonna be shady.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): So then AP's gonna get the invoice, they're gonna… it's gonna say, you can't pay this because it's not fulfilled, and they've gotta stop, contact the PC team. PC team's gotta find the time to go and do that. They gotta go back, communicate back to the…
Speaker 11 (Cornerstone): Our VC team might say the PM should do it, because they're the ones who schedule the meetings, and no.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So you're saying you're gonna get the vendor bill.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): go to pay the vendor bill. AP is.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Maybe he does.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah, so you can enter the vendor bill without it being fulfilled.
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): Question on that process.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): You can also pay it if you want to.
Speaker 8 (Cornerstone): And you can pay them.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): So hold up, you can just pay. But I have a question.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah, I don't think you want to, right?
Speaker 11 (Cornerstone): So, can we see…
Speaker 7 (Cornerstone): If an item is received.
Speaker 7 (Cornerstone): We could see it, because my previous role That one previously.
Speaker 7 (Cornerstone): It was a… it was a property management, where we can see when it's received, and then the next compare worked at… it was a renewable, where if it's not received, we can enter it, and it's…
Speaker 7 (Cornerstone): Even if it's approved, you know, until they receive it.
Speaker 7 (Cornerstone): If you can't… they can't fully approve it. And then that's when it comes up that it's fully approved.
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): for compliance, if you're AP and you receive a vendor bill, and you're going to apply it to a receipt, and that receipt has not occurred.
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): you're notifying who's responsible for receiving it by some warehouse or somewhere, and they have to do that transaction so that you can apply the vendor bill to that. Because typically in…
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): For compliance, you typically don't want AP being able to
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): receive goods in, recommend a payment, and cut a check. So you're triggered that something hasn't been done is I've got a vendor bill, but no receipt to apply it to, and then you pick up the phone and call whoever in your organization is responsible for that.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Well, or we can't enter it and just reroute it.
Speaker 13 (Cornerstone): And then…
Speaker 7 (Cornerstone): As we.
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): Most of the time you're gonna call. I mean, you're not gonna have anything to rear out, because it's just an open dealer.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So there's a couple ways to handle this. Their problem is the fact that their vendors are sending them a bill before they even get the product. Correct. That's the challenge. So, what you can do here, too, because you can turn this switch on in NetSuite, that it does allow you to… you can…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): pay a bill, or enter a bill before you got the receipt. But what I would recommend here is you enter the bill in an unapproved state, and you can't pay it in an unapproved state. It actually doesn't have GL impact.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): But at least it's in the system. Yes. The document's attached, it's not sitting in a drawer somewhere.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, there's… that's another… that's another way to handle it. Or…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Maureen, you have another option here, too. Because if you want that to have a GL impact, if you don't want it to have… you don't want it to be paint yet.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): You can enter it in and put it on payment hold.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And then it does have a GLPAC, but nobody can pay it. So there's a couple ways to handle it. You have an option there.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I just like getting into the system, because I hate the idea of it sitting on a desk or in a drawer somewhere, waiting for someone to call me back, and…
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): That's what happens, right?
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): now, too, if things aren't matched up, they kind of just push into the side in emails and stuff. Yeah.
Speaker 7 (Cornerstone): I'm curious if we can enter it, put a note, and it reroutes to the person, say, the PC, and then they can see the note, and they can view, but then again, I don't think…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): That's it.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): We have an issue for that. So, we have an issue. One of the issue types is not received. Another one is price discrepancy.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Oh, yeah, you have a whole system to manage all of that stuff.
Speaker 13 (Cornerstone): with the North Carolina.
Speaker 7 (Cornerstone): See it, and then… Yeah.
Speaker 7 (Cornerstone): then you can have it in the dashboard, where there are all the pending items. We're curious. We haven't gotten to the ABCs. Yep.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): No, no, it's all disconnected, and then those issues can get reassigned to somebody else to get them resolved.
Speaker 7 (Cornerstone): And will it escalate if they don't address it, it escalates to something?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yes, it can… yep, it'll be on… it'll be on some manager's dashboard, and it can turn another color if you get a little bit too long. Send it back, right?
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): Okay.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Right now, in this weird process.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): The three of us here at this corner here do.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): It's gonna be happening.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): It's… I don't know. My title is always Whip Queen Up. Yeah.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): once a year.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Since I've been here, we clean up, we look at what's in WIP, what's been hanging out there for 2-3 years.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): Write it off, because I'm like, at some point.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): we think those projects are done.
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): amount of money, it can be a very mature amount. Yeah, we're talking millions. Yes.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Who knows?
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): So that happens in CORE.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Now, I'm trying to jump ahead.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): not in NetSu.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): and kind of said, because now I'm not going to have too much whip, but I might have this accrued purchase that grows.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): And that's now what I need to go in and clean up, right? That's right.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): registry on the project record that you can see all the items for each project. Okay. Or you can have a report that's global and see all the items. And it's also on the balance sheet, too, but you have visibility into all of that. But if you're doing that end of the month, it's called cost variance
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): recognition. If you're doing that at the end of the month, that account should be pretty clean.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Is that a place for pickup.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Could be a pickup. It could be a pickup. Yeah, I hear you.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): This is one thing to consider, too, because if your WIP was being impacted on that time of vendor bill, not a receipt is happening earlier, then your WIP could, in theory, legitimately be larger than plus.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): If you're using that to borrow against.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): But you're taking… I mean, that item receipt means, and to some degree, like, Matt said, it depends on who you're talking to, you're taking possession of the product. Yeah, we're taking…
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): early, right? Yup. It's waiting for the AP invoice to arrive. When we receive it, we actually have that waiting for it.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): I'm just doing a line of credit renegotiations.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Check off.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): I'm trying to propose to take off the.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): clause and lip for that… for all these reasons, and now I'm just like, nope, I know.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): That's for every… all the years I talk to, they're like, I want to post everything to it. I want to post… I want to post time, I want to post services, everything. Current asset.
Speaker 14 (Cornerstone): Well, they want that to blow up.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I wanna… yep.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): That's why I asked you earlier, Dean Post, Your services do well.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): But that… that is one of the major reasons why… I don't know how legit it is, maybe it is, but that's one of the major reasons why other dealers do it. They're at flooding… I don't want to say inflation, but…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I… I can…
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): I do not know.
Cornerstone: Okay.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): This is definitely a change. This is certainly something we need to,
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): to think through, again, the impact of, obviously our processes, especially for filling…
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): happening. Yes, and that's where.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): That's our adjustment, and that's our learning and education that we need to make sure we talk about.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): Here's a bunch transaction.
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): happen, you'll… It will minimize or eliminate that.
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): Massive with adjustment at the end of the period.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Chris is gonna send this, white paper to you. This goes into detail on all those topics we just talked about. Thank you. Yeah, absolutely. I pulled it up when we just started talking, we didn't actually walk through, and that's fine.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): But it has all the topics in there.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And I did do a little bit of research to find out what other systems operate like this, and it's like all the other ERPs do this.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Now, that same revenue and cost recognition method.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Alright, so…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Let's have more conversations about this. I'm sure you're gonna have more questions, and that's… that's totally fine.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Let's look back… Every window.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): We don't know how materials for the material.
Speaker 14 (Cornerstone): Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker 14 (Cornerstone): Confusing is that monthly?
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Yeah, wonderful.
Speaker 14 (Cornerstone): account's not going to.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Right. I mean, it's in your key of reining it in. Like, the way we're doing it now, just balloons and balloons.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): But I won't…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): I need to investigate again what's posting and what's not, like…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): analyze it before we write it. We can help you with some of these processes, too, and like I said, it's a very simple step, it's just a matter of remembering, and then I can tell you, like, I don't recommend this. I have one dealer right now. Actually, they're in California, they're not.
Speaker 14 (Cornerstone): That's hard for me.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): They're… they've been on NetSuite for years.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And they just do all the item fulfillments at the end of the month. Yeah, I don't… I don't recommend that, but they're basically, like, I just want to make sure I recognize all my costs in this accounting period.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And I don't trust my team to actually do… die to fulfillment, so I just do them at the end. I don't like that, because I think it actually can be a valuable part of the process, because it could also be a communication point, saying, well, this is what the warehouse, and…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Can trigger somebody else in the company to make sure that the work works.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): It's been sent out and everything, so…
Speaker 14 (Cornerstone): I'm… I don't do more quarterly.
Speaker 11 (Cornerstone): That's been working.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): I think of anything that we've seen today, this is going to be the biggest kind of thing that we need to…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): assess and put new processes in place. That's why I made you a white paper.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I woke up the other morning, yesterday morning, woke up early, and I was like.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I think I should put this on a white paper.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Marcus and I worked on it.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): I sent it. Sorry, I want to come from one thing. Which step hits cost of goods sold entering vendor invoices, or item fulfillment? Item fulfillment.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): And it leaves the warehouse. Yep.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): quite, that because of this song. Yep.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): And did you say that,
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Fulfillment is just checking a box, or is it…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): When a work order is issued.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): that Orion looks at the date on that work order and goes, okay, it's getting pulled from the warehouse on this day, because it's installing.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): No, it's actually a separate transaction, and you can use this for staging the product.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And you can use it for picking tickets as well. Like, you can say, here's my item fulfillment.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): go pick all this product, here's all the VIN locations.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And then, once you've staged it, you can change the status to say, this is all this product that's been staged, so it can help your… the warehouse as well. Sorry, you don't have a physical warehouse, sorry, it's not gonna apply, never mind.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I know what you mean.
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): I mean, we still have… we just don't own the warehouse, but we do… we work with warehouses, so it still can help them. It could.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): But, like, what I would say for you guys is when you… in your communication with the warehouse, and they say.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): the product is left, and it's on its way to the job site. That's when I would create that fulfillment.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And hopefully somebody's getting that kind of communication.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): But if it doesn't happen right then, and then you find out two days later that they're on the site and they're working on it, just go ahead and create that film a fire, and…
Speaker 10 (Cornerstone): Didn't get some… he did communicate with the warehouse? Get some kind of notification or anything?
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): Sorry.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Do we know when things are leaving the warehouse? The answer's yes. I don't know who does? Is it you, Shana? Wendy?
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): It would be based.
Speaker 10 (Cornerstone): off of the poll that the PM or the account manager sent. It's literally reason.
Speaker 15 (Cornerstone): an email to the warehouse telling them what to pull, and then on what date to pull it and deliver it. So…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Well, let's talk about that for a second.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): What does that look like? What does that poll look like?
Speaker 15 (Cornerstone): So, all of the receiving tickets that are basically a purchase order without amounts, so it just shows quantities, it's like a pick list, those individual
Speaker 15 (Cornerstone): ones are by vendor, and by… sometimes they circle by line, like, the items that… specifically to pull on this date are sent in bundles to the warehouse, and they say, pull all these things, deliver them to site on this date. Oh.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Well, what I would say is, let's use the idea of fulfillment to tell them what the goal.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And then you can set the date on the item fulfillment.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): To the date that you're telling them to deliver.
Speaker 15 (Cornerstone): Is that, like, you have to go line by line and check a box?
Speaker 15 (Cornerstone): For everything that you want to get pulled.
Cornerstone: Nope.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I will make it easy for you. That's an offer.
Speaker 15 (Cornerstone): I mean, I just had a big conversation with Wendy, because we have 1,000 line orders, and she might only need to send 200 of them, but they're spread across a thousand lines, so it will take her, like, 4 hours to do a pull list.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): No, so this is what I would do. How… so we would give you the ability to filter in the smart table down to a subset of items, because you have all… you have a filter on every row, and you can stack the filters. So then once you get down to the correct subset, you hit check all these, generate item fulfillment, and that's the…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Don't cancel.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): will trigger… fulfill. That will be the.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): fulfillment. Yeah, so here's two ways to do it.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): One's a little bit tricky.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): If you're saying… like, how much in advance do you need that?
Speaker 15 (Cornerstone): You're supposed to do it at least a week in advance, it doesn't take time. So…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): What I would… what I would do is, I would say, okay, I'm gonna… I'm gonna go through that process, create my own fulfillment, send it on to the company, and I predate it, right?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I'm gonna say, today is, what is today, the 18th? And I'm gonna date… I'm gonna date my item fulfillment for the 25th, and that's gonna tell them, delivering on the 25th. Okay.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): My status of the fulfillment is going to be…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): There's 3 statuses, pick, packed, and delivered, but we're gonna rename them for you, and we're gonna say…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Old will be my status.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Poll does not have… if it's not in the final status, it doesn't have a GL impact.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): But I'm gonna date it for the 25th. On the 25th, when I know they're supposed to deliver, I just need confirmation that they delivered, and I'm gonna change my status to delivered, and now I'll have the JL impact.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Now, if you're confident that they're gonna deliver it, you could just change the status to…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): delivered, pre-dated for that date? Probably could. Every touch would be good.
Speaker 15 (Cornerstone): a reversal of, like, let's say we sent 10.
Speaker 15 (Cornerstone): they… we told them to pull it, but they missed it, and it… and then it doesn't matter, it doesn't… we're talking about bigger things, but… Yeah, you can edit that.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): I'm thinking…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): the value of fulfillment after effect. Okay. Yeah.
Speaker 15 (Cornerstone): And then what does it look like on a warehouse site? Because I know they specifically ask for receiving tickets, so is it going to look like a receiving ticket to them? We'll make it look whatever way you want it to look, yeah.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah, bro.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): We can call it whatever you want, we can… because we have templates that we create for all those things. If you give us… did we already ask for receipt containments? Yeah, I'm gonna get you copies. Okay. So we can make it look the same way. I mean, like.
Speaker 15 (Cornerstone): We even really need those?
Speaker 15 (Cornerstone): If… because I can see people falling… doing what they do, they just send an e… write an email.
Speaker 15 (Cornerstone): And just pull all those receiving tickets. Like, why would we need those?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): If we're gonna do it like this.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): We just want to make it look like you received a ticket. Okay.
Speaker 15 (Cornerstone): But in the world of this new…
Speaker 15 (Cornerstone): way. Like, do we don't actually need to issue and create receiving tickets?
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): No, then yeah, this would replace it.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): I wrote down that the PC team needs to do the receiving.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): And now the AMs are gonna be… do the filling, because they're going to be generating this pull ticket. PMs. PMs.
Speaker 15 (Cornerstone): Receiving tickets actually start… we do do. That's what we use when we place an order to tell the warehouse what to know to expect. So they load those into their system to say, this is what we should check off against what we pull. Right.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): So then when they're unloading a truck, they check, check, check, check, everything's here. Received.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): But I thought that AMs told the PMs what to go pick.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Yeah.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): I think we're talking about two different things. You're talking about stuff coming, being delivered by the manufacturer to the warehouse, then it's all marked received. That's the piece… And then pulled when it's time to go to the client. Right. Pulled, and that's the fulfillment part. Correct.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): But I… that's what I'm saying, so I…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Who's doing… Who's doing the second part?
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): Performance?
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): AMC?
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): I think it's A.M.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): they're communicating that to the PMs, what they want pulled, and then the PMs are probably generating what we should be generating is a work order, because then they grab those lines, throw them onto a work order. Now it's going to be called a fulfillment, or…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): So it's collaborative between the AM and the PM. Am I saying that right? Yeah.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Yeah. Because there's somebody physically that's gonna chuck something in NetSuite. In NetSuite? That's… And that's the PM. Okay.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Because that person is what's generating… my costs, and…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): I just… That's what I'm saying, because the PM, then, is the one who's checking the box that it's been fulfilled, and that was into my.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): response.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Yeah. So it's the PM who's doing…
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): Good fit. That's what I'm saying, that's…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So you can have the PM generate data fulfillment in a polled status, which shows up on your dashboard.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): for someone in your team to change it from poll to delivered and installed, if you want to control it. Oh, okay, oh, I see, okay.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Say that one more time? So the PM could create the unfulfillment.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Because they're going to do all the filtering down to that subset, generate the item fulfillment, the status in as pulled.
Cornerstone: That doesn't have a GL impact yet.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And then that'll show up on her dashboard. Anything in that status will show up on her dashboard, and then she'll somehow validate that it was delivered and installed, and she'll change the status to delivered, installed, and
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): then it'll have the geo-impact.
Speaker 15 (Cornerstone): I wouldn't prevent the VM from sending that out, right?
Speaker 14 (Cornerstone): Nope.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): It just, I think she wanted to control who actually had the cost.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Impact.
Cornerstone: One thing I just remembered, and I think I might have misspoke.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): You cannot fulfill an item unless it's been received.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yep.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, when you talked about Generating a vendor bill.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Early?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): you're gonna need to receive the product, generate the vendor bill before you… and you cannot generate a customer invoice until you… Oh, no, you can actually do it before you fulfill, sorry.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): That's what we could say, that it sits in an unapproved state, because there's no GL impact.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): Because we…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): can't pay it until it's received an approval. Yeah.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And by the way, we can… we can…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): flowchart all this out. Like, I want… yeah, yeah, yeah, we'll flowchart this out. I got things going everywhere.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Yeah, the footage chart.
Speaker 11 (Cornerstone): Which is what he is…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): side of my brain looks like right now.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Well, we will… we'll come back and we'll flowchart all this. Okay.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): Right. We do…
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): like, T-accounts. I'll leave you guys in the process, you know?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Cool. Alright, it's exciting.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Okay.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Well, let's then jump on to project accounting, and I think, actually, we've talked a little bit around this. The only thing I really needed to know from you was, do you want services to post to WIP? The answer is no.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Do you want your internal time to post to the GL?
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Love it. As the self comes. We have right now.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): honest. Yeah.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): The sell side, which is intense… the sell side is what posts the GL, and that's not the actual time. Times, cost, and that gets posted via payroll. Yep.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah, we had some dealers who say, no, we wanted to post to the GL, once the payroll comes, we want it to be there. There's this diff… difference…
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): everybody have time to enter it every month on time, that's all. Exactly.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): disparate.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Okay,
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): vendor and accounts payable management. There's… we already kind of touched on this because of, really, the two things I always bring up here is the unapproved state or the payment volt state. It really all comes down to
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Do you want that to have a GL impact, or not?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I tend to say, let me… because this is going to end up becoming something I'm going to have to pay, let me have it… have a GL impact, that way my AP is pretty accurate, even though it might not be perfect.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Rather than it not being there, so I usually put them on payment hold, but it's up to you.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): They want to do that.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): That's the consideration. Payment hold has no impact to the…
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): AP… No, payment holder.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Gotcha. Unapproved and unapproved.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): It does not join that.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, but my thought is, okay, let's just say I get a bill for $5,000, and there's a discrepancy on there, and the discrepancy might be $500. Well.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): When I look at my cash flow forecast and I'm considering my AP, I'd rather see the $5,000 than nothing.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Well, that's why I tend to do that.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): And right now, we don't enter it, so it sits outside of…
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): imaging.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I remember when I let somebody on my accounting team go, and
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So somebody else was cleaning out their desk? They came in with a stack of invoices. I was like, where was this? Oh, it was in their drawer. What is it? Oh, there was just discrepancies, and they didn't…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Before electronics, the search for unrecorded liability was over drawers.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): outstanding.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): P, and look…
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): or something like that.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): 500,000. Oh, okay.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I'll never do that again, everything goes in the system.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Yeah. No, and Guada and Michael have been really good about trying to automate as much as they can, let stuff just come through so that there is no human
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): inter… interaction there and stuff, so…
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): We crude, too. If it's not entered, we accrued.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): At the end of the month. Oh, okay, okay. Do you do any AP automation?
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): I don't right now. Okay.
Speaker 13 (Cornerstone): You wanna hear more about that?
Speaker 7 (Cornerstone): Just so I can kind of…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): AP automation? Yeah, AP automation. I mean, I would say the one thing that we do use that I would say, as long to mention, is Core has the OCR module where you can
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Got a list of, what is it, 10 or 12 vendors now?
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): You just pick the vendor and grab a invoice or a batch of invoices, load them, it does OCR, and populates those.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So it works out in the line level for you?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah. It does. Okay, so… so… So, yeah.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): I wish Kara Zank.
Speaker 7 (Cornerstone): Okay, because I wanted to see if I could see it, like, okay, does it upload there to kind of, like, or it would have a PDF? Yeah.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): So that's how we're doing it now, I don't know how.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah, so, and that's part of the price support.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Or is that an additional cost? How much part of it. Okay. So, NetSuite has a tool for doing some of this AP automation that's kind of pricey. There's probably 10 other third-party tools, suite apps, that do the same thing. Avanto does some of that as well. We tried them, didn't work.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Did work? Okay. I mean, it was a while ago, and, you know, they've… We just replaced it.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): revisited them again. It doesn't look like it's a solution for us.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, the only thing I'll say, though, here is that any solution with that's what it's going to cost leads additional costs in. So.
Speaker 9 (Cornerstone): I don't like that.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): bill catcher, because it's so expensive, but, Square Works has a really nice.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): That is still so comfortable.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): bill.com is pretty good, a little pricey, but good.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): you scan through, and then it reads the invoice, populate all the numbers, names… How does that, like, links off?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I'm not sure about that one, I haven't heard about that one, but there's a couple that are specific to it. Let's, let's make a note to get a SquareWorks demo, people can understand that. And then, Kip, for that, for what you have with Core, is that a manual? You take this PDF, put it in our reset monitoring the inbox? Manual. Okay, we didn't look at…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, this one is a little bit… a little bit easier, because it monitors it in Vox. We do have.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): I have… I have a… I don't know.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): automation set up on the AP mailbox, where it looks at it, and it'll strip off PDFs and throw them into single folder. It's just saving them one little step. It strips off the PDF, dumps it into a folder, moves that email into red, and so it just declutters their inbox. It kind of consolidates all the PDFs. Okay.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I don't think there's anything else around project accounting to get revenue and cost recognition, vendor accounts payable management.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): The only thing I want to talk about project accounting is… That, the ability to
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): generate a P&L by customer, or project.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): By project? Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Because, again, these two gentlemen have had to do a lot of hula hoops to try to compile stuff to show things like that, and I don't know if that's now…
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): So, I think in the customer profile, it has the revenue and cost.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): And then you can set a time frame to look at how profitable they are.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Oh, as a customer, yeah. Yeah, yeah, custom. Of a project.
Speaker 14 (Cornerstone): Oh, sorry.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Well, let me get to read.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Well, I guess, actually, I was wondering… you're talking about project first, right?
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Projects.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): that roll up onto clients. Okay.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So we give you… we give you profitability visibility on the project record, but really it's… it's GP.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So… That's fine. Okay, so when you say income statement, I'm also thinking, like, if you're gonna do some type of allocations across expenses…
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): And we did do that.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): that. I mean, we assigned, but then, again, it was on just purely an Excel spreadsheet at 15% whatever, you know, to get to an estimated income. But we had… we had…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): sales costs from those projects, and then we.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Okay. So, GP by project, yes, GP by customer, yes. Okay. But not net profit. Perfect. Okay. No, that's good. Yep.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And we do the variation, too. Commissioner GP and Project GP, and then we do master GP.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Perfect. And then on the flip side, we also did one of trying to understand the profitability.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): That type of stuff.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): We've been out of kin.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Those are pretty easy reports to produce. The only question… well, just tell me what you want to see.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Like, total purchases a lifetime by vendor.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): I mean, again, because there was so much gyration that needed to be done, we did 5 years back. Yeah. You know, we're just kind of looking at the last 5 years cumulative. Yep. And then, actually, I think we had to break it out for Mark, right? Let me broke it up by year. So, just again, our CEO wanted to see how
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): How we were spending by vendor, and… and how we do federal.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Okay, so sell cost to GP by vendor. Yeah. Yeah, that's not a problem. Okay. Sometimes it's, you won't have the… you won't have the historical data.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): We can give you current data.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): I get a lot of, like, I just did one right before we came in here,
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): there's no way to look at a project profitability in court that I've ever found, so I have to create the… I have to create this crazy Excel sheet.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): So that would be nice, if we could just run a report that would show us vendor profitability, and the one I created breaks down by category, by order number, it just shows you just the different things, how much time did we spend, all these things.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): That is really common, and then another thing that's really common is, like.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): marketing will come to me and say, I want to know how much business we did with… in healthcare from this period to this period. I can't.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): all that from Core. So that one we actually have as a custom statement, which means you can go to the income statement, and you can say, give me an income statement by vertical market. Nice. So you have a lot of visibility on that one.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah, and then the only question, again, is, like.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): how accurate is that below the GP line? Because all the expenses and allocations and things to consider there, but
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah, you for sure get it by with your revenue and GP.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): And not on our clients?
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Hey, Pete.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): just reports that I'm asked to run, just in general from different departments that I can't get at. Well, the thing that we bop up against a lot with CORE
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): And I'm hoping this solves is there are all, you know, hundreds of fields in core, but…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): A lot of times, I'll go in and run a report, and 75% of those fields aren't available to me to use as a.
Marcus Dallacqua: Hi, we're trying to fix it.
Marcus Dallacqua: They said for a month. Okay.
Marcus Dallacqua: I don't think she can hear you.
Marcus Dallacqua: So, at best, yes. It's just, obviously, it's a very manual process.
Marcus Dallacqua: It's a lot of maintenance.
Marcus Dallacqua: And it's a lot of manipulation… Yeah. …to get stuff in there, and what they want to see, and how they want to see it, and blah blah blah. So, I guess there's not, I think, one strategy for all… they're all over the world. Swiss Army Knife, right? Yeah. So let's schedule a session.
Marcus Dallacqua: to walk through all of that? Yeah.
Marcus Dallacqua: I'll get, when to… to give you the list.
Marcus Dallacqua: Is that inside the financial management process area, or is that something else? No, it's within my AR team. Okay. So when, who we're trying to connect, she's the one who manages that. Okay.
Marcus Dallacqua: So we'll get that scheduled. I think she can hear you guys know? She says we are back.
Marcus Dallacqua: I turned my mic on, I think that might be why, yeah.
Marcus Dallacqua: I have keywords not working.
Uyen Dang: I could hear you guy now.
Marcus Dallacqua: Hi, Wynne!
Uyen Dang: Hi. Market… Michael and I had an issue. We didn't hear you guys, but I could hear you now. I don't know about Michael.
Michael Salvador: There is a… I can hear you there now.
Marcus Dallacqua: Oh my goodness, okay, great. So…
Marcus Dallacqua: While we were down, we were talking about all the portals that you're using to…
Uyen Dang: Now I can't hear.
Uyen Dang: Michael, can you hear Michael?
Michael Salvador: No, no, no, I think Jason…
Cornerstone: Can you hear me?
Uyen Dang: There we go, yes.
Michael Salvador: Yeah.
Cornerstone: Okay, so once again, so while you… we were down.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): I was talking to the team about all of the portals that you are using for your clients to.
Cornerstone: Set up for invoices.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Fays and payment, and things like that.
Uyen Dang: Yes.
Cornerstone: So, can you send me the email that we have all of.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): go and list it out, and then I'll send it to them today.
Uyen Dang: Yes, I'll make a list.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Thank you. But, like, I watch people…
Cornerstone: Go fixing the volume bar right here. On the laptop. Go audio that little carrot.
Cornerstone: the computer.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): All right, so that was… that was the one last thing. So, yeah, again, I don't think it's a one-fit-all strategy, because they're all different, and they all require different things, so I just, again, was curious if there's any that talk to nuts.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): There could be, but it might be, one of those things where, well, with the one, we're planning on doing, like, just grab…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Send us the email.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): email and turn it into an order. Yeah. That's… like, if we create that solution.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): That could fit all eight. Correct. Right? Yeah. So, but then that's just one piece of the communication. There's other pieces, right? But maybe we… maybe that's a good place to start. Yeah.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, I'll send you the.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Phyllis once such a.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Right, and then we'll set up another session, we'll talk through all that.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): We already talked about expense management.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Specify, we're gonna… we're getting you the PDF of that. Actually, comparison. So I got both. Amazing. Asset management, we're gonna get you a demo on fixed asset management. Okay. We have that.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Financial reporting, we kind of talked a bit about that. Any other…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): And business intelligence, we actually have a whole other session tomorrow, but any other financial reporting?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Please tell me, I'm.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): my cash flow.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): cash flow statement.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): You have a cash flow payment, and you have a cash flow dashboard. Cash flow365. So…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): The only thing I wish about the dashboard is that they would let us input Things like pro forma.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): But they don't, but… The dashboard, that's…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): kidding, I'd be so happy, but so excited.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): And then… so we did… I think our… the stock reports that you generate from NetSuite are gonna be night and day different from what we have, because everything… we can't use anything out of… out of 4 right now. We have to download it into Excel, and create it, and do variances and percent changes, and things like that.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): stock reports? Oh, you mean the standard reports? Standard reports. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): So hopefully I'm looking forward to seeing all the… all the NetSuite reports.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah, like, here's a great example, the income statement. NetSuite has a great income statement, it's the… it's agile, and do all the dimensioning. I always edit it, and I add percent of revenue as a column immediately.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So those are all easily customizable. Perfect, yeah. So we can customize our own management, too. We want revenue by employee, we want, like, a percentage of revenue for other cars.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): You're probably gonna do that using a safe search. Okay.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Which is a… which is another tool, another reporting tool, but…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): The… okay, so here's another thing to think about.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): NetSuite Reports does a really good job of reporting as of.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, like, I can run a balance sheet as of a certain date.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): NetSuite Safe Searches are always dynamic.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Like, you can kind of twist them and turn them to be kind of… do that as-of reporting, but it's really tricky, but it's… they're typically dynamic.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So… We… we'll have to think through…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): what reports you're looking for, and which tool is going to be the best tool. We actually have a couple other tools that are available to us as well, like PQL and things like that, but…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Do you have any critical reports, though, that are outside of the norm? We want to know about significantly after that.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): First, they just, again, getting in cash flow would be amazing. Okay. And I know we talked about this the other day, but we do a lot of stuff with headcount.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): And Matt said, you know, we'll keep you doing that in Paylocity. I guess that that's the maintenance stuff, but for us, I don't… Paylocity's also dynamic, so it doesn't stay at that point in time, which we try to capture
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): on July of this year, we had 85 headcount, and then next year, you know what I mean? Because we try to keep…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): We try to do variances on the number of heads and things like that.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): So…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Is there a way for us to populate a data, like, collected data?
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): metric somewhere, and… And populate that?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, you, like…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): you can use the saved search to do some of the as-of date. Like, I can say, how many employees did we have as of July the month?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): You can do that. And then you can say, how many employees did I have?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): that were inactive as of July 1, and you can get some of that.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): It's just when you start to get more complicated than that, it gets really hard with the safe search, and we have to use some other tools.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): And again, we're doing all that in Excel. Same thing with the number of work days. Again, it's just a static number, but it impacts the way we do.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): calculations and KPIs, all these things.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): that, and if I can capture that in there, obviously, at that point, I'd love to. Again, we're doing all that in Excel right now, so just trying to see if there's some…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): some alternate…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): data thing that I can populate.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): book.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): we implemented Power BI, and it just was connected to NetSuite, and that information was connected.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): connected to velocity, it would just do that for you. Correct.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): but it's dynamic. I want it to be static, so that I can close a period.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): to know that I closed with 30 days, and…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): 85 headcount on that period of close, and it didn't change.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Now we have to upload list numbers.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): No, you don't have to upload them, that's the point of Power BI, is that it's connected, it's just there. I would imagine you would just put in a date parameter to get the information as of those dates.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): But also, I'm like, it's a month-to-month for people count, like.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): How perfect does that need to be?
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): It's really just a… Pulse check. It's not a financial…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): I don't know, but there's things that I'm trying… again, I'm just trying to see what.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): what's doable.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): And I've had data fields.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): that don't… are not GL-related, but that you can populate stuff before. So I just, again, trying to see if we can do that.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah, so there's a couple ways to handle that, if you need that as-of information.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, like, we can easily create a custom record
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): That, at the end of the month, it writes that information to the customer record. It's a snapshot, basically it is what it is.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Pretty simple.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): All depends on what's most important.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Phase 1.
Cornerstone: I imagine you're gonna… you have a lot of this stuff.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): with the end goal of absolutely an element as much as possible. Oh, yeah, yeah, no, again.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): This is the stuff we do outside of it, so…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Not for Phase 1 at all.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): I do want to say, though, you know, I know we're early on Day 2, but you guys are not an overly complicated
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): In the show. Come tell them that. No, I don't think it was… yeah, no, it wasn't meant to be, like… like, you guys are simple, you guys are very organized.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): I don't want them to think that they can get more complicated, is what I meant by it.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah, no, no, you guys, like, you have… you're process-oriented, you're organized, you're… you're rational thinkers, yeah. You're very organized. Accurate. Well, well, and you're process-driven, so that… those are all, like, for us, those are, like, really good signs. Those are… you guys are easy customers to work with.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): the world.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): The goal is learn the process so that when you break it, you know what you're breaking.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So, yeah.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): That brings us to the end. Anything else? Then you'll do fine with NetSuite, because that's… that conflict is typically the hardest one to resolve.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): And you're not processed thinking, because NetSuite's gonna…
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): force you down the path for emphasis. Yeah.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): what Matt just said is what I want to dive hard on. That last one, is now being able to use Power BI and all that to do…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): are reporting.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): be able to do that. Yeah, so the question then is, what information do you want? How do you get it out? Where do you want to put it?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): That's… those are the questions, so…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): We would like to get a… we'd like to get a crack at solving whatever
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): reporting issues that you have inside of NetSuite, but if you really want to use Power BI, we're not going to stop you. There are
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): integrations with Power BI, and then maybe even a cheaper way to go is just tell us what you need, we can exp… we can automatically export the information out for you. I think you just…
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Send him a… bumped.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Yeah.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Okay. With that whole document package. So we have… This is a big Excel spreadsheet we have right now. It looks like Power BI dashboard.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Yeah. Looks like it.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Power BI, and then they, they faked me, they deepfaked me. I feel something like…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): and dashboard.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Nice, yeah. I was like, why is this a PDF? Well… I know we're going to, like, NetSuite, so I'm not gonna build something new, and then we're going to the.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Yes, we already have the dashboards.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Yep.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): The only thing with Power BI, and I like Power BI, I'm used to it, the only thing to think about is…
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): the data has to be stored somewhere. Yeah. So you gotta get it out, you gotta store it somewhere, and then you, you know, you write the Power BI on top of it. So where are you gonna put it?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Is that… what type of database is that? Is it a SQL database? Is it a JSON database?
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): So there's some planning that needs to go into it.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): It's not like that. As soon as you get out of the system, it's aging.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): I think the point of it was that it was supposed to be live. You, like, keep connecting and refreshing, but…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Yeah, you need to refresh it, because I think you need to build a dashboard, and then you connect a Power BI dashboard to NetSuite, and then you have to refresh it.
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): We eventually did an outlook.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): So besides the KPI and the closeout document, what else?
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Because my original was, like, I wanted to build out a bunch of stuff because of core.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): But all of that's just standard in that suite, so besides the KPIs for finance and for the month-end.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): What would we need to put at Power BI at this point? We can do multi-push.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): report at Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3, Tier 4… I think they can do that.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): pounds.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): No, and that's the thing, we need to see all the core stand… see, not the core… the standard reports that come with NetSuite and…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): And what we can just use in our dashboards. Yeah, okay.
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): Yeah, the legacy system being caucus.
Speaker 5 (Cornerstone): It messes with life. Exactly. It just messes with life.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): All right, very good. Well, good session. Thank you. We'll definitely have a couple more discussions, but we got… we got pretty far down the rabbit hole. It's good.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Alright.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Two years ago.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Good morning. All right, thank you.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Thank you very much.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Don't forget to launch Twitter.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): You're here for lunch. Well, I'm gonna do the.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Matt, would you set up…
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): theological is fighting.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): If you can't come in, let me know.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Okay. Yeah.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Hell yeah.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Most of those cells are in custody.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): You're busy.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): Similar to babysitters needed babysitters? That's what I was talking about.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Right.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Rings started going nuts.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Oh, okay.
Speaker 3 (Cornerstone): Where is my piece of cognition? Do I need to know what I'm going to.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Yeah, that's like a nerdy feeling.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yes, yeah. And it's all…
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): And then, literally, anyway.
Speaker 1 (Cornerstone): Why did you get the right in there, I think.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Yeah, so we have this bond… We messaged. Months we can't figure it out. So it stays in it. Every Zoom room in the entire.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): companies crashed recently at the same time, like, a couple times. Yeah, I said to restart it.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): That's good.
Speaker 4 (Cornerstone): religious.
Speaker 2 (Cornerstone): Bye, Michael.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): Michael's right now.
Speaker 6 (Cornerstone): Okay, so, okay. Yeah, you can do that.